Add note on how to enable flex compute (#29472)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_configuration/flex_logs.md

If you select one of the scalable compute options for Flex Logs (for example, XS, S, M, or L), you can upgrade or downgrade your compute size on the [Flex Logs Control][5] page.

**Notes**:

> - Only compute options on your contract are made available. Upgrading from Flex Starter to a scalable compute option, doesn't apply the change automatically. To enable the new size, go to the [Flex Logs Controls][5] page, select the desired compute option and click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only compute options on your contract are made available. Upgrading from Flex Starter to a scalable compute option does not apply the change automatically. To enable the new size, go to the [Flex Logs Controls][5] page, select the desired compute option, then click **Save**.
```
